in ring we do a lot of like on wherever
the price we see the pressure we add
pressure till they regroup so right now
I'm just gonna tap her tap her she's
working on it put the stick right on her
she'd be good
so your condition the behavior of the
kiddo the stick touching her means
pressure is gonna be away is that
different than you think she views it
differently than a strike or is it just
this yeah I think she's I think he's
conditioned to doing something positive
we conditioned her that this means it's
nothing and just you gotta fight harder
yeah
cuz right now she tends to her she goes
from a full grip to a half grip on the
stick hit but if I go and I put my stick
on there sugary grips full grip huh nice
okay I like alright no control
oh so she bites deeper
all right so let's go to the routine
powder house switch a leash